So now that we are sitting in our next hour or here and you can see that all the additional thing from
a basic set up you can see or hear that I have images for where I have placed my images and now actually
we're ready to start working.
And the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to start creating HD now.
So we're here for the first one we're going to say that this is going to be better all year ahead with
a CD or here of her some great i Petar and using hemat.
I'm just going to place a hash tag over here and we're going to say ahead and I can see once I press
the tag I have a header with an idea of header and within the header of the first thing that are going
to create is going to be.
Now I have someone to say oh here now.
And we'll going to right away.
Copy and paste online.
So here I'm going to say I'm going to select this line and I'm going to say.
And now then the next thing that I want to do is actually start placing the note here I'm going to create
this is going to be in half tags.
And within the now I'm actually going to have an ID an ID.
Now I've got something to say div here and this is going to be handy and that is going to be Nav. on
here.
And with a price tag and here this is going to be the first thing is going to be adding three.
So I'm going to say heading right.
And we're going to type all here that is going to say coding or so coding on here.
And then again you can see that we have had three with a calling.
After that within There's Dave still within this top up we're going to create a another div and this
is going to be for hamburger.
But some of them say we're here and this is going to be div with an ID like this on the same menu between
or here and we press that we can see that it creates a div with an ID of menu.
But then after that we're going to have three divs with class.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be div with the class and I'm going to say bar one
more here then press time.
Now I have my first day.
Then again I'm going to select the line and was going to copy and paste this.
So here we're going to say this is going to be bar number two.
And this is going to be bar number three.
So now that we have ideas of top here then next thing you can actually work on links.
So we're really going to place a common through we're going to say links here.
And then within an hour of links we're going to have an ordered list here with an idea of links.
Right.
Going to we're going to play Stamm over here over here which we're going to have is a list item here
and within the list item we're going to have a link here.
And once we press the time you can see that it creates a link on the first link here is going to be
home.
And then again we're going to select a line we're here and then we're just going to copy and paste this
and we're going to copy and paste this let's say over here four times.
So now we have a four of them.
All right so let's go one more here.
Now we have five and the last one is actually going to have a font or something here.
So what I'm going to do here again we're going to have a let's say we're going to go back here.
Select the whole line copy and paste this over here.
Not only this is going to be link.
We're here with A-Class.
It's all going to say class over here and we're going to see a link.
I can I come over here and over here we're going to place actually a phantasm.
So I'm going to say over here I was going to be not far and here I'm going to say for search and this
press tab I mean you can see now I have a search on over here right.
And this is all sitting within the leg.
Then after that one Ousley change these ones around.
So here we're going to just grab all lines or like this.
And so we're going to select them all.
Then delete them or we're going to write.
And this is going to be skills than the next one is going to be portfolio.
And then after I've done this guy's going to be a blog and over here this is going to be contact us.
So contact us or here.
And then even though we right away now going to style this section or right.
But because it is still within the header we're actually going to work on banner.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be a section with an be your banner then or here
we're going to have a div with a banner box.
So I'm going to say all here and this is going to be the banner my inbox press tab over here and within
the banner remarks we're going to have a heading one.
We're having one again with an ID of banner title banner it all then we're going to have a coding attic
inside so I'm going to write coding here.
Then we're all going to have a div with the class banner on the line.
So again this is going to be banner class right there line.
So that's going to be the name on the class we're going to press tab and then we're going to have a
having three like this and that's going to be banner subtitle.
So the class of banner subtitle subtitle here and what we're going to write inside was saying this is
going to be coding it here meets and we're going to say the the power off see SS flex box warrior.
And then after that we're going to have a link.
So right underneath a heading three when you say this is going to be the link I don't hear for press
tab.
You can see right away that we're going to have a link open.
This is going to be done mealing.
So we're going to place a hash tag over here.
And then within the link We're going to have a phantasm.
So I'm going to say again that this is going to be for an hour here the class is going to be light.
Light bulb mode over here and we're going to say oh you know like this press tab you can see that I
get my little light bulb over here I'm just going right and this isn't going to be explored.
So now we're done with HVM now for our header.
We're going right over here maybe a comment that this is going to be the end of error here and there.
Right then we're going to say this.
And now we're ready to move on to reassess and actually start styling this.